

<!-- DISABLE-FRONTMATTER-SECTIONS -->

# End-of-chapter quiz



Let's test what you learned in this chapter!
  
### 1. What are models on the Hub limited to?

A. Only text models
B. Models with less than 1GB size
C. Models with open licenses
D. Models with specific tags

<details><summary>Reveal Answer</summary>C</details>

### 2. How can you manage models on the Hub?

A. Using the web interface
B. Using the CLI
C. Using the API
D. All of the above

<details><summary>Reveal Answer</summary>D</details>

### 3. What can you do using the Hugging Face Hub web interface?

A. Upload models
B. Download datasets
C. Manage repositories
D. All of the above

<details><summary>Reveal Answer</summary>D</details>

### 4. What is a model card?

A. A card with model's hyperparameters
B. A documentation of the model
C. A summary of model's performance
D. A list of model's dependencies

<details><summary>Reveal Answer</summary>B</details>

### 5. Which of these objects of the 🤗 Transformers library can be directly shared on the Hub with `push_to_hub()`?

A. Tokenizer
B. Model
C. Configuration
D. All of the above

<details><summary>Reveal Answer</summary>D</details>

### 6. What is the first step when using the `push_to_hub()` method or the CLI tools?

A. Log in to your account
B. Initialize a repository
C. Install the required packages
D. Set up a virtual environment

<details><summary>Reveal Answer</summary>A</details>

### 7. You're using a model and a tokenizer — how can you upload them to the Hub?

A. Use the `upload_to_hub()` function
B. Use the `push_to_hub()` method
C. Use the `save_to_hub()` method
D. Use the `send_to_hub()` method

<details><summary>Reveal Answer</summary>B</details>

### 8. Which git operations can you do with the `Repository` class?

A. Clone
B. Commit
C. Push
D. All of the above

<details><summary>Reveal Answer</summary>D</details>
